src/pages/posts/afterimage-post.mdx, before:

---
layout: '@/templates/BasePost.astro'
title: Afterimage
description: Puzzle platformer where you control two characters on different planes of existence that collaborate to clear puzzle rooms.
pubDate: 2023-05-29T00:00:00Z
imgSrc: '/assets/images/post-afterimage/cover.png'
imgAlt: 'Cover art'
shields:
- Unity-DOTween-57b9d3.svg?style=flat&logo=unity
- C%23-%23239120.svg?style=flat&logo=csharp&logoColor=white
- FMOD-0058D9?style=flat&logo=fmod&logoColor=#7D929E
---
import { StoreLinkBanner, ProjectDetails, EmbedVideo } from '@/partials/post-components';

2D - 10d jam

<StoreLinkBanner
  gitHubUrl='https://github.com/ironcutter24/GDtvJam2023'
  playStoreUrl=''
  itchUrl='https://ironcutter24.itch.io/afterimage'
/>

<ProjectDetails
  role='Director - Designer - Developer'
  company='N/A'
  platforms='WebGL - PC'
  time='10 days'
/>

## What I did

- 52th place for best mechanics
- Roles: designer, developer and level designer help
- Managed a team of 4 people

## Gameplay

<EmbedVideo url="https://www.youtube.com/embed/I0cuBfJZC24?si=9Dg-G2eXKbRtnKnJ" />

Commit message:

feat: afterimage level design section

src/pages/posts/afterimage-post.mdx, after:

---
layout: '@/templates/BasePost.astro'
title: Afterimage
description: Puzzle platformer where you control two characters on different planes of existence that collaborate to clear puzzle rooms.
pubDate: 2023-05-29T00:00:00Z
imgSrc: '/assets/images/covers/afterimage-cover.png'
imgAlt: 'Cover art'
shields:
- Unity-DOTween-57b9d3.svg?style=flat&logo=unity
- C%23-%23239120.svg?style=flat&logo=csharp&logoColor=white
- FMOD-0058D9?style=flat&logo=fmod&logoColor=#7D929E
---
import { StoreLinkBanner, ProjectDetails, EmbedVideo } from '@/partials/post-components';

{frontmatter.title} is a 2D puzzle platformer where you control two characters that can interact with the environment, but not with each other.
The game got 52nd place for best mechanics in GameDevTV Jam 2023.

<StoreLinkBanner
  gitHubUrl='https://github.com/ironcutter24/GDtvJam2023'
  playStoreUrl=''
  itchUrl='https://ironcutter24.itch.io/afterimage'
/>

<ProjectDetails
  role='Director - Designer - Developer'
  company='N/A'
  platforms='WebGL - PC'
  time='10 days'
/>

## What I did

- Coordinated a team of 4 people
- [Gameplay design/development](#gameplay)
- [Designed 4 levels and polished 2 others](#level-design)
- Animated the astronaut character
- Created intro and ending cutscenes

## Gameplay

<EmbedVideo url="https://www.youtube.com/embed/I0cuBfJZC24?si=9Dg-G2eXKbRtnKnJ" />


## Level Design

I designed 4 levels, on top of performing some polishing on the others.<br />
This includes refactoring and simplifying the final level.

**Polishing:** Added drop to teach box grabbing mechanic.
![Box grab drop](../../images/post-afterimage/cube-grab-drop.png)
**LV 4 design:** Teaches that you can carry the other player on the cube.
![Jump assist](../../images/post-afterimage/jump-assist.png)
**LV 6 design:** Fake door level that tricks you into an obvious solution,
just to reveal the catch: cubes can't pass through gates.
This one also features the cube launch mechanic introduced in previous levels.
![Fake door](../../images/post-afterimage/fake-door.png)
**LV 7 design:** Generic doors level
![Generic puzzle](../../images/post-afterimage/generic-puzzle.png)
**LV 8 design:** "The Bridge" level. Uses the cube carry in a more complex way.
![The bridge](../../images/post-afterimage/the-bridge.png)
**Design:** Designed the cube gate used in multiple levels
![Cube gate](../../images/post-afterimage/cube-gates.png)
