src/pages/posts/labescape-post.mdx, before:

---
layout: '@/templates/BasePost.astro'
title: Lab Escape
genre: Turn-based tactics game.
description: Beat all bosses and escape the underground lab.
pubDate: 2024-02-05T00:00:00Z
imgSrc: '/assets/images/covers/labescape-cover.png'
imgAlt: 'Cover art'
showcase: true

contributions:
- Co-designed gameplay mechanics.
- Created project roadmap.
- Designed and developed turn management system, utility-based AI and character abilities.
- Created mold shader.
- Drew characters concept art and created moodboard with art references.
studio: <Game Jam>
platforms:
- PC
duration: 1 month

shields:
- Godot-%23FFFFFF.svg?style=flat&logo=godot-engine
- C%23-%23239120.svg?style=flat&logo=csharp&logoColor=white
- GDScript-%2374267B.svg?style=flat
- FMOD-0058D9?style=flat&logo=fmod&logoColor=#7D929E
---
import { StoreLinkBanner, ProjectDetails, EmbedVideo } from '@/partials/post-components';

Vertical slice for a distinctive top-down hack & slash game, where the focus shifts from limiting
damage taken to balancing your character's temperature and maintaining it at a stable level.

<StoreLinkBanner
  gitHubUrl='https://github.com/ironcutter24/boss-rush-jam-2024'
  itchUrl='https://ironcutter24.itch.io/lab-escape'
/>

<ProjectDetails
  role='Project Manager - Designer - Lead Developer'
  company={frontmatter.studio}
  platforms={frontmatter.platforms}
  time={frontmatter.duration}
/>

## My contributions

1. [Gameplay programming](#gameplay)
1. [Utility-based AI](#utility-based-ai)
1. Concepting: Drawing + Collect references
1. Project timeline creation
1. Co-authored game design
1. Shader programming
1. Audio implementation

## Gameplay
- Unit movement
- Unit abilities

The FSM library I developed to manage turns, player inputs and UI is available in its own [repo](https://github.com/ironcutter24/cs-state-machine) under MIT license.
Here is a usage example:
```csharp
private StateMachine<State> sm = new StateMachine<State>(State.FirstState);

sm.Configure(State.FirstState)
    .SubstateOf(State.BaseState)
    .OnEntry(() => { /* Entered */ })
    .OnProcess(() => { /* Processing... */ })
    .OnExit(() => { /* Exited */ })
    .AddTransition(State.OtherState, () => firstCondition())
    .AddTransition(State.AnotherState, () => secondCondition());
```

## Utility based AI
- Modular score calculation methods, trying to achieve goals like: get close to attack targets, avoid attack trajectories, avoid getting surrounded.
- It is possible to create multiple AIs composing score calculation methods.

Commit message:

feat: added Miro board to Lab Escape page

src/pages/posts/labescape-post.mdx, after:

---
layout: '@/templates/BasePost.astro'
title: Lab Escape
genre: Turn-based tactics game.
description: Beat all bosses and escape the underground lab.
pubDate: 2024-02-05T00:00:00Z
imgSrc: '/assets/images/covers/labescape-cover.png'
imgAlt: 'Cover art'
showcase: true

contributions:
- Co-designed gameplay mechanics.
- Created project roadmap.
- Designed and developed turn management system, utility-based AI and character abilities.
- Created mold shader.
- Drew characters concept art and created moodboard with art references.
studio: <Game Jam>
platforms:
- PC
duration: 1 month

shields:
- Godot-%23FFFFFF.svg?style=flat&logo=godot-engine
- C%23-%23239120.svg?style=flat&logo=csharp&logoColor=white
- GDScript-%2374267B.svg?style=flat
- FMOD-0058D9?style=flat&logo=fmod&logoColor=#7D929E
---
import { StoreLinkBanner, ProjectDetails, EmbedVideo } from '@/partials/post-components';

Vertical slice for a distinctive top-down hack & slash game, where the focus shifts from limiting
damage taken to balancing your character's temperature and maintaining it at a stable level.

<StoreLinkBanner
  gitHubUrl='https://github.com/ironcutter24/boss-rush-jam-2024'
  itchUrl='https://ironcutter24.itch.io/lab-escape'
/>

<ProjectDetails
  role='Project Manager - Designer - Lead Developer'
  company={frontmatter.studio}
  platforms={frontmatter.platforms}
  time={frontmatter.duration}
/>

## My contributions
1. [Design and concepting](#design-and-concepting)
1. [Gameplay programming](#gameplay)
1. [Utility-based AI](#utility-based-ai)

## Design and concepting
I co-designed the game mechanics, gathered references and drew concept art for all characters.
The production for this project was managed in a Miro [board](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVN9dNbR0=/?share_link_id=131997110396),
that contains all my sketches, as well as a general design document and project roadmap.

<a href="https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVN9dNbR0=/?share_link_id=131997110396" target="_blank">
  <img src="\src\images\post-labescape\labescape-miro.png" />
</a>

## Gameplay
- Unit movement
- Unit abilities

The FSM library I developed to manage turns, player inputs and UI is available in its own [repo](https://github.com/ironcutter24/cs-state-machine) under MIT license.
Here is a usage example:
```csharp
private StateMachine<State> sm = new StateMachine<State>(State.FirstState);

sm.Configure(State.FirstState)
    .SubstateOf(State.BaseState)
    .OnEntry(() => { /* Entered */ })
    .OnProcess(() => { /* Processing... */ })
    .OnExit(() => { /* Exited */ })
    .AddTransition(State.OtherState, () => firstCondition())
    .AddTransition(State.AnotherState, () => secondCondition());
```

## Utility based AI
- Modular score calculation methods, trying to achieve goals like: get close to attack targets, avoid attack trajectories, avoid getting surrounded.
- It is possible to create multiple AIs composing score calculation methods.
